Device-Tree bindings for Digilent DRM Encoder Slave

This driver provides support for VGA and HDMI outputs on Digilent FPGA boards. The
VGA or HDMI port must be connected to a Xilinx display pipeline via an axi2vid
IP core.

Required properties:
 - compatible: Should be "digilent,drm-encoder".

Optional properties:
 - digilent,edid-i2c: The I2C device connected to the DDC bus on the video connector.
                      This is used to obtain the supported resolutions of an attached 
                      monitor. If not defined, then a default set of resolutions is used
                      and the display will initialize to the closest available size 
                      specified by vpref and hpref. Note most VGA connectors on Digilent 
                      boards do not have the DDC bus routed out. 
- digilent,fmax: The maximum pixel clock frequency allowed, in KHz (as integer). Should 
                 be set considering maximum serdes rate and also the rate the axi stream
                 mm2s bus on the vdma is clocked. If pixel clock is greater than the mm2s
                 stream clock then the output pipeline will underflow. Default is 150000.
- digilent,hmax: The maximum horizontal width allowed for resolutions (as integer). 
                 Default is 1920. 
- digilent,vmax: The maximum vertical height allowed for resolutions (as integer). 
                 Default is 1080.
- digilent,hpref: The preferred resolution width (as integer). Only used if edid-i2c not
                  present or invalid. Can be used to control resolution at boot when no 
                  EDID bus is available. Default is 1280.
- digilent,vpref: The preferred resolution height (as integer). Only used if edid-i2c not
                  present or invalid. Can be used to control resolution at boot when no 
                  EDID bus is available. Default is 720.

Example:

      encoder_0: digilent_encoder {
		   compatible = "digilent,drm-encoder";
         digilent,edid-i2c = <&i2c1>;
      };
